#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

= Journals =

International Journal of Sensor Networks (IJSNET)
attention Volume 1 - Issue 3/4 - 2006
Special Issue on Recent Developments in Wireless Sensor Networks
Guest Editors: Dr. Jelena Mišić and Dr. Vojislav B. Mišić
[http://www.inderscience.com/browse/index.php?journalID=186&year=2006&vol=1&issue=3/4 go...]

Self-organisation of sensor networks using genetic algorithms

ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks
[http://www.acm.org/tosn/ go...]

IEEE Network Magazine Special Issue on
Wireless Mesh Networks: Applications, Architectures and Protocols

!Blogs Through Google Blog Search

[http://research.microsoft.com/~zhao/ Zhao Feng]
Principal Researcher and Manager, Networked Embedded Computing Group, Microsoft Research

Editor-In-Chief, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks
Steering Committee Chair, ACM/IEEE IPSN'07
Technical Program Committee Co-Chair, ACM Sensys'05
Member, Board of Directors, ACM SIGBED
[http://research.microsoft.com/~zhao/]

- Programming, Services, and Architectures
- Optimization, Coordination, and Tools
- Routing and Information Discovery

OpenWSN
[http://openwsn.blogspot.com]

WSN Update
http://www.wsnupdate.com/

wsnblog by Marco Zennaro, Claro Noda and Muneeb Ali.
[http://www.wsnblog.com/]

Emerging Technologies for Virtual Instrumentation
[http://emertech.blogspot.com/] 

My Golden Daya
[http://chinawangquan.spaces.live.com/]
Provide a paper list on Location Problem in WSN.

一个Robot个人爱好者的网站
[http://eiart.net/blog/]

无线传感器网络路由协议
[http://4655260.blog.hexun.com/6981954_d.html]

传感器网络标准方案——IEEE 802.15.4/Zigbee
[http://bl0329.spaces.live.com/Blog/cns!25781EB46177A924!522.entry]


animo
[http://code.google.com/p/animo/]
Device, Service and User Interface Management for Embedded Systems
Animo is a Java-based framework that enables the creation of applications that are built by combining loosely coupled and interoperable services.





