#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

= Temporary Notes =

Why choose OpenWSN Foundation?

  * fully ANSI C complied, which means it can be easily ported to almost all industry micro-controllers

  * fully components organization. which means: A) the application can be assembled from selected components easily. B) the application can use components required only without considering the complexity of other components.

  * low power software support. this is achieved by the integration of event based architecture and task scheduling based architecture.

  * friendly to developers. the developers needn't to learn a new language. the learning curve is pretty smooth. no extra skills needed except C developing.

  * friendly to developing: which means it can easily integrate existing mature libraries  in the application or be integrated into the application.

  * scalable: from 1K SRAM to 1M memory (mainly 16bit architecture). depends on how many components used.

  * easily ported: thanks to its highly strict layer design. and ANSI C complied. it doesn't depend on the portability of GCC like TinyOS

  * Beyond ZigBee: openwsn is designed to support general applications of WSN and future SN research. So it's much broader than zigbee's target. In particularly, if you want develop a proprietary system or choose a platform to support research, then openwsn is an ideal solution.

  * debugging support 
  * periodic measurement and sampling, and data processing architecture which is lacked in zigbee

  * in planning features
  
  * middleware support (timesync, location, data dissemination, etc) 
  * network behavior recording 
  * 802.15.4 support
  * script engine support

  any methods that can help building the final sensor network application will be considered by openwsn.